welcome to the man of recaps this is the
bachelor episode three last week was the
big champagne drama between Hannah Ann
and Kelsey they continued the drama this
week finally have a sit down to talk out
their issues and as you might imagine
nothing is accomplished they still don't
like each other but life goes on it's
time for a one-on-one date with Victoria
P she's the one that gets motion
sickness and had the PTSD flashback to
the Disneyland teacups Peters taking her
to one of his favorite spots apparently
even though he's from Southern
California guess he's got a little
country in him cuz they're going line
dancing it's a good time classic
one-on-one date in fact the whole
thing's over in five minutes that night
they really connect Victoria opens up
about her past how her dad died young
and her mom fell into drug addiction so
she had to take care of her little
sister just the kind of real emotions
that Peter apparently loves so these two
make out in a plane and you can put
Victoria P up among the frontrunners the
next morning the girls get an intense
wake-up call
Demi's back she was in Colton season and
she's setting the girls up for a pillow
fighting group date it's a good fun time
everyone loves up a jam a pillow fight
it's worth mentioning Tammy here she
hasn't made it into my recaps yet but
she's a really good one she's in real
estate flipping houses but she's kind of
a badass martial arts chick so she
shines here the finals come down to alia
and Sydney and these two had beef
beforehand alia was a pageant girl she
seems real on all the time and Sydney
thinks she's totally fake
so when alia takes the crown Sydney is
not happy alia makes a good connection
with Peter that night but when it's
Sydney's time to talk she calls alia out
for being fake and Peter hates fakeness
he wants that real connection plus he
saw firsthand last season that Hannah
ended up falling in love and picking Jed
who was not genuine the whole time the
next day at the house they're gonna have
a fun drama-free pool party except just
kidding
pool party's cancelled a war talk and
drama Peter talks to all the girls in
the house trying to find out what they
think about alia the general consensus
is she's just a little bit fake you know
she turns it on when the cameras are
around so Peter has a good talk with
alia she assures him that she's 100%
real and he's loving it
Alejo ever but when he talks to Victoria
P turns out she used to do pageants too
and she and alia actually know each
other they had only met a few times but
apparently alia told Victoria P not to
tell the producers they knew each other
so it wouldn't disqualify them and Peter
hates lying even if it's in my opinion a
very small white lie so aleeah's back on
the chopping block so it's time for the
rose ceremony and the girls who had good
screen time all get a rose except for
alia who's on the chopping block and for
some reason McKenna the super pretty
fashion blogger from Canada when there's
two roses left Peter is overwhelmed with
emotion and has to walk off dr. Chris
Harrison and he pulls a twist on us
takes one of the Roses away the drama's
quite drawn out but I was never worried
because my girl McKenna gets that rose
maybe I'm biased but I love Canadian
girls and Peter has decided to trust the
other girls and send alia home I am a
terrible judge of character
I have absolutely no idea if she's real
or fake as someone who personally turns
it on when there's cameras around I
totally understand how she is at the end
of the episode Peters really uncertain
if he's done the right thing and in fact
on the next time on it looks like Ali is
coming back to drop some new truth bombs
did Peter make a mistake and will he
take alia back into the show find out
next time on The Bachelor if you liked
this recap hit that subscribe button I'm
bringing you the best recaps of TV and
movies so don't miss out
[Music]